Demo for content designer – Add some sample copy (#4061)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/components/accordion/index.md

## When to use this component

> Accordions should only be used as a last resort.

Author: ```suggestion
Accordions should only be used as an absolute last resort.
```
